Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Keanu Reeves!
And you all know George Lucas.
right?
I'd really like to go home. though.
Come on. only a few more weeks left in the
exhibit.
You can do it.
Can I at least have my cell phone?
Oh. George. you're just gonna use it to
call for help.
Oh. and over here. oh wow. the most
important figures in the exhibit.
Without them. there would be no Hollywood.
James and Henry... Who?
Are you serious?
James and Henry.
Minions.
I know the Minions. but I've never seen...
James and Henry.
Yeah. never heard of them.
Me neither.
But this is insane.
James and Henry are legends. and they
changed Hollywood forever.
Not just Hollywood. they changed the
world.
And their story is epic.
What is she talking about?
You know what?
Change of plans.
Everybody sit down.
Now. all of you. come on. sit down.
Tommy. you two glasses. and Mr. Johnson.
and you too. Bubble Girl.
As you may know. throughout time.
dozens of Minion tribes have been roaming
our planet. searching for the perfect
villain to serve.
And among them was a very special guy.
That's him right there. James.
He liked to draw. paint.
but above all. he loved
to invent stories and
share them with his buddies.
Hey. Alberto. look at the book.
The rest of his tribe. however. they were just
interested in one thing.
To serve the most evil master they can
find.
And this guy checked all the boxes.
Scary?
Check.
Burly?
Super mean?
Double check.
He was a perfect ten.
To show their new master how much they
cared. the Minions did everything for him.
But James wanted to
go one step further and
create something truly
wonderful for his master.
Boot. boot. boot!
The Minions were
banished from the Cyclops'
island that day. and
everyone was mad at James.
Well. not everyone.
One other Minion found it very funny.
And that was Henry.
They were inseparable.
The best of friends and
by each other's side. no
matter where they went
or who they worked for.
Their next master was extremely promising.
very powerful. and importantly.
very evil.
And his book. oh. dear me. it had some
wicked spells in it.
Monster.
Oh. la. oh.
Les dames amants. les dames amies.
Les mega cutas.
Go. go. go!
Once again. the Minions had inadvertently
lost a master.
On the plus side. James and Henry's
friendship became stronger that day.
Even if it made some of the other Minions
unhappy.
This is Ed. by the way.
He's a friendly Minion who is a bit hard
of hearing.
So they came up with a way of
communicating with each other.
And so the Minions went from one boss to
the next.
And there were many.
Uh. buddies?
But after a while. they couldn't find any
more evil masters to serve.
For a very long time. the Minions wandered
about. tired and losing hope.
And that very bossy Minion there.
that's Dick.
He barked at everyone to make camp for the
night.
Now. because of their non-stop blabbering
and giggling. Dick ordered Henry and James
to go sleep away from everyone else.
as per usual.
Which was fine with
them. as it meant they could
stay up all night discussing
the meaning of life.
The cosmos. their hopes. their dreams.
Oh. poor el!
Oh la la!
Malpeli!
Serapellissimo. James!
Ah. et là. c'est les Dicks. mais sous la
paragousse.
Mic. honneur. mic. honneur. mic.
honneur!
Hey. oh!
Henry. what kind?
De... de... quesaco?
Casaco. que le mi cadeau.
Allez!
Casa!
Oh. c'est l'ami!
C'est l'ami!
And with that. Dick lost his temper...
again.
And he said all he had on his mind about
the two friends.
Henry thought long and hard about
Dick's remarks... and decided to punch him.
But thankfully. Ed intervened.
signed for his friend to calm down.
breathe deeply. and...
punched Dick himself.
Well. this seemed like the breaking point.
But then. Dick saw something that would
change the Minions' lives forever.
Oh. Dick!
do you have any idea what you have done?
Of course. I did the
boss and the conductor.
the chicanesen. and
everything. everything!
It was the perfect scene. all that work.
all that money. all that effort!
Get out of here!
You. you. you. you. you. you. you.
and you!
Me?
Definitely you!
Get out!
Out!
It's going in!
Hey. boss. we're out of film.
This is not going to go down well.
You tell that no-talent bum. if he messes
up again. he's fired!
And then. send him a bottle of champagne.
because it's his birthday!
Ah. there he is. our favorite director!
Oh. hello. Mr. Bright. Mr. Bright.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
All right. let's see what you've shot.
All the scenes. now.
We are so excited to see you.
Come on. let's go!
Just so you know. Mr. Bright. we had... a
small... problem.
A problem?
It's just a puzzle for French to solve.
Problems cost money.
Oh. well. this scene is terrible.
You will never work in this town again.
But we're sure you'll do great in any
number of other towns.
Roll the scene. please. and thank you.
Oh. here we go.
What is going on?
I know. that's what I was trying to tell
you. isn't it?
What are those things?
Ah. they. uh... You
changed the whole scene!
But I didn't!
You did!
Guys. oh boy. I did it!
He's genius!
What?
You see. it's great!
It's better than great.
I love it!
Those sickly children!
Oh. they're fantastic!
They have to be in every shot of the
movie.
Ah. yeah!
Okay. absolutely!
I'm going to get my very good friends.
It's those. uh. uh. what's their names?
Put them in the movie!
Sam?
Elwood?
Would you mind playing it?
All right!
Oh. that's the stuff. Frankie!
Ah. yes it is. Elwood.
Get them!
Get them. boys!
Faster. faster!
We need to find them!
Where are they?
Get out of the way!
Move it. move it!
Take the next right!
They could be on the sunset!
Hey. hey!
Don't let them get away!
You got it!
Uh. first things first.
Who are you?
My name is Henry.
Me?
And my name is Dick.
Ah. it's actually Ed.
Uh... And me again!
And me again!
Is there a name I can just call all of
you?
Minions!
Look. Minions. my name is Max.
Hello. Max!
Yeah. hi!
Okay. I'm so sorry about earlier.
So. I would like to work with you.
We should make movies!
Movies?
You don't know what movies are?
Movies are stories that play out right in
front of you.
And people love them!
And people love the people who make them!
Welcome to Pride Brothers Pictures!
Where we make all kinds of movies!
Hello. Joe!
It is fantastico!
It's exciting. isn't it?
Ah. James. I love your enthusiasm!
How about you. gentlemen?
Do you want to make movies too?
Excellent!
Let's get to work!
So. I need you to act in a very simple
scene.
You stay here. and I shall return!
Okay. listen up!
So. here's the scene.
You see those large. heavily armed men?
They suspect you have killed their leader.
and they want you dead!
Alright. I need you to really sell the
drama!
You do a good job. and you're hired!
You fail. and it's back to wandering the
streets. scavenging for food.
Have fun with it!
Okay. ready?
Action!
Attack!!!
Back to back!
Buddy!
Nothing?
Okay. that was... perfect!
Idiots!
Are you ready to become stars?
And I mean the biggest stars the world has
ever seen!
The
world has never been a better place!
The economy is forever booming.
with no sign of slowing down. ever!
People have never been so happy.
and the future has never looked so bright!
Meanwhile. over in Hollywood. the new
stars of the silver screen took the world
by storm. and changed the face of the
motion picture industry forever!
With movies like The Good. The Bad.
and The Stupid!
Look behind you. and then down!
And they came from
the stars to hit you with
a frying pan. part four.
Target Miami Beach!
The minions have become
the kings of the box office. and
it seems that the public just
can't get enough of them!
We spent weeks with the
super mini sensations. and
we're going to let you in
on a few of their secrets!
Our boys have moved into a luxurious house
in Battery Hills. where they'll be able to
enjoy a comfortably large game room.
and an equally comfortable gigantic sauna!
Their lives have changed since Bane hit
them!
They can't go anywhere without being
recognized!
Haha!
Run. boys. run!
Looks are everything in
Tinseltown. and the minions are
always on the hunt for the
hottest. most modern looks!
And not only that!
Now there's Minions merchandise!
What will they pick up next?
And boy. Hollywood
has never seen parties like
the ones those party
gentlemen are throwing!
Yes. the Minions are on top of the world!
They truly have it all!
Yes!
On it!
I can't wait to see!
On comment. please!
James. my boy. you have a real gift for
filmmaking!
Oh. thank you!
Yeah. you have what it takes to become a
director!
There could even be an Oscar in your
future!
Oscar?
What's that called?
Ah. it's an award given out to the best
films and filmmakers!
Ah!
And the Oscar for the best movie ever goes
to...
James!
Thank you!
Are you alright. my friend?
Ah!
Wait. what's happening?
What is this?
I'll tell you what it is!
It's the future of cinema!
Everyone's doing it. Max!
From now on. our movies
are gonna have... Sound!
That right there. what I just said.
that was sound!
I have a very good feeling about this!
Quiet. everyone!
Are you ready. Henry?
This will be great!
Okay. we're recording!
And action!
You disappeared from
my life five years ago and
now you think you can
come waltzing back in?
Well. no!
No. I say!
Get lost. you handsome bastard!
Oh. Henry!
My mother warned me about men like you!
Mmm. body!
Piñata!
Carbonara!
Lasagna!
What?
Are you with us. Sarge?
We need you!
What are we gonna.
..
Yes. Sarge?
Can I have a cup of coffee. please?
Tiny bit of milk.
Two sugars.
Thank you.
Bullseye!
This is a disaster!
We've lost millions!
You know who I blame?
Them!
Sadly. yes.
Get out of here!
Bob. we wish you the best of
luck in your new endeavor and we
hope we can still be friends
who never speak to each other.
Leave!
And have a great life away from us.
Oscar?
James. you're never gonna win an Oscar!
You're done!
You're fired!
Goodbye. Eric.
Bye. bye. bye.
Hasta la vista. Quentin.
Bye. bye. Max.
Goodbye. Stephen.
Tschüss!
Ciao. Federico.
Bye. bye. Max.
Dick.
Max.
Henry. James. good luck. my friends.
Don't worry. boys.
It's just a minor setback.
Thank you.
You're going to be find things. James.
You're going to do great things.
Hey. James!
Bye. bye. Max.
No. no. no!
Why?
Why did you do that?
Bravo. Dick. bravo.
No!
Come back. Vittor!
Okay.
Come back. Vittor.
Puccucci. puccuc.
Hey. Vittor.
Good night.
Good night. Vittor.
Hey. Mitch. good night.
Good night. Greg.
Good night. George.
Good night. Steven.
Good night. Bruno.
Good night. Julian.
Thomas. good night.
Good night. James.
Mercato?
Eureka!
Patron!
C'è un storia!
Confida Minions!
Chiedi Patagon!
L'epoca nostra!
Padanza!
Maca!
L'epoca nostra!
Pari saca nostra!
James puncia la storia!
E la trasforma in movies!
Movies?
Cretino idea!
Ma la storia di James era fantastico!
Minions non maca movies!
Succa di Big Boss!
E la duretta!
E l'alba James!
E giuntas!
Non è che tale!
Basta!
Big Boss!
E... Big Boss!
Ops!
Scusa Greg!
Alles gut?
Si!
Tu maca tu movies!
Tu fingere boss!
Come riga!
Big Boss!
Parada!
Non è maca di movie!
E la sera!
La vera...
Oh. he's so scary!
James. I love your movie!
Yes. it's clear this is a real passion
project.
And you need to make it. whatever
challenges get in your way.
Advice?
Well. where do I start?
I mean...
You guys have film equipment?
No.
Ah. no film equipment.
A crew?
No crew either.
And you wrote a monster movie?
With a very big monster?
And what are you going to use for your
monster?
Ah.
Aha.
Okay.
Listen to me carefully.
What I'm going to tell you is very.
very important.
So. if you want to make a
Fantasticus very cool monster
movie. you will need a
Fantasticus very cool monster.
I can't really help you with that.
I'm afraid.
But I can give you this.
A camera?
Really?
It was a gift from my father.
My first camera.
I'm passing it on to you now.
I believe in you. James.
I know you'll do great.
And remember. a very cool monster movie
needs a very cool monster.
Ah. darling. come over here.
Good luck. guys.
Ah.
Oh.
I'm happy you're happy.
Now. do you mind if I go on with the
story?
Sorry. I get a little excited sometimes.
Yes. please continue.
What about Dick and the other minions?
Did they find a new boss?
Oh. yes. well. I was getting to it.
Dick and his friends were about to fulfill
the mission of every minion ever and find
their tribe the greatest. most evil master
to serve.
Turn to activities and listen.
What's going on?
I am Dork. and I was
sent here by the supreme
High Ruler to judge
this pathetic planet.
Big Boss?
But first. a Dork needs to find loyal
assistants.
Hey. you. with the very cool spaceship.
do you want to serve Dork?
Okay. let's go home.
You can do this kind of thing on your
mom's weekend.
Oh. yes. and...
Guys. look at this winner.
Ah. thank you.
That's very kind.
Are you and your burly
friends interested in
assisting Dork in a
potentially dangerous mission?
Hey. I think the weirdo in the lame robot
suit is talking to us.
I can assure you that this is no costume.
You know. it's dangerous to hang out here
dressed as a tin can.
A tin can wishes it were as tough as me.
so there.
I sense you are preparing a hostile
attack.
Please stop.
Oh. yeah?
Or what?
Why. you...
Now you've done it.
Dork was on a simple mission to decide
whether or not Earth should be invaded.
And then you went and got all up in Dork's
facial recognition sensors.
Dork has made his decision regarding the
fate of this planet.
Dork is going to invade Earth and enslave
humanity!
Hey. hey. excuse me. excuse me!
Ah. greetings.
I am Dork.
Ah. hello. Dork.
I am Dick.
Salutations. Richard.
No. no. no. Dick.
Hmm. okay.
Do you want to assist Dork in a
potentially dangerous mission?
Si!
Great!
Follow Dork back to Dork's secret lair!
Viva!
Okay. mal auto-tipac. Leonid.
Henry?
Si. si.
Ed?
Vamos!
Miso soup!
Yaki unigiri!
Luka edamame!
Shizuki nanenomu!
Daifuku!
Luka!
I am forever!
What are you doing there. mister?
Henry?
Sono veloz!
Buah. non hai buta' para tu movie.
James.
Buah. buah. venidablos.
Oh. no.
I feel like I've disappointed you in some
way.
I'm so sorry.
You want big. scary monsters?
Come here. come here!
Oh. you need monsters for your movie!
I know.
Magma Ichabod the Deceiver.
But my friends just call me Goomy for
short.
Oh. so James.
Oh. James.
Rolls off the face tendrils.
James.
Is that it. Henry?
Hey. bello!
Henry!
Oh. I like it.
It sounds tough and rugged.
It's like. oh. look out.
here comes... Henry!
It a lid.
Wipe your insolent feet before stepping
into the lair of dirt.
Uh... Tamarale lair?
Affirmative.
Everyone. file in.
Dort?
Where have you been?
Oh. Mrs. Kotikoff.
Yes. so sorry.
Dort had an important work meeting.
But I come with good news.
Look what I found on my way back.
Those muffins you love.
I only like the blueberry ones.
Yes. you're in luck.
And I can only eat them with a glass of
milk.
Enjoy your fruit-filled baked goods.
Ah. what a sweet. sweet. lovely woman.
She shall be spared when Dort overthrows
the planet.
Excuse me.
As will her cat.
Uh. hello?
Sorry.
Whoops.
Everyone. commence greeting Dort's
roommate. Floyd.
Uh. hello. Floyd.
Hey. Dort. is that you?
Whoa. whoa. lower your throat volume.
minion.
This is definitely a lair.
No. look up.
Pink.
Oh. Floyd.
Yes. yes. Floyd.
Caprisci. the Macedonian.
Ha. ha. ha. you foolish. naive minion.
You are actually standing
in a very futuristic alien
spaceship. made to look
like a dingy apartment.
Very realistic. isn't it?
Even a weird smell.
That's all fake.
Impressive. I know.
But. but. but nothing.
No. Dort needs to
retreat to his private
quarters to. uh. report
back to his home planet.
Engaging in slaving my own...
Oh. hello.
Okay. okay. calma. calma.
Hey. buddies. look up.
Wubble. wubble. wubble. wubble.
Hi. fellas.
Wubble. wubble.
James. you're so passionate.
I think you're a genius.
Oh. thank you.
Huh?
Ha. ha. whoopsie.
Attention. attention minions and
followers.
Dort has finally received his orders from
the supreme High Ruler.
It is time to officially invade Earth.
Oh. oh. yes. oh. sorry. my apologies.
With me.
Dort. Dort. Dort. Dort. Dort.
Oh. hello there. little fella.
Dort meant your sandcastle no harm.
Hey. please stop your shovel attack.
Cease immediately. or you will pay the
price.
Look out. look out. buddies.
Let's see how you fare against a similar
attack. tiny insurgent.
Hey. you. in the robot suit.
No. no. no. you can't take that kid.
He must be taught a lesson.
And also. he started it.
You are not from around these parts.
are you?
Well. no.
I originate from the planet Metlar.
Near the G45T system.
Right.
I don't know where that is.
But. I'm from a small town
in Minnesota myself. so I
understand the feeling of
being a stranger in the big city.
So. what you're saying is. I am now free
to kick him.
No. you can't.
Well. I should get a move on.
My friends and I are headed to a protest
for women's rights.
Do you believe women and men are equal?
Why. yes. of course.
Oh. good.
And that you both now belong to the
Supreme Ruler equally.
You're so funny and cute.
I mean. what you said.
What you said is cute.
Pardon?
Come on. Debbie. we're going to be late.
Did you say Dort was...
Yes. women of the Pope!
Don't kick children!
Uh. us?
Minions!
Dort is. uh. uh. slightly postponing
Earth's invasion!
Huh?
You heard me!
Follow Dort!
Give women the vote!
Uh. uh. uh. uh. yes?
Yes. women of the Pope!
The
entrance is straight ahead!
Hmm. hmm.
Wait for you to meet my best!
Watch your step!
You're going to love these gents.
We get them. and then
we go to... Hollywood!
Hollywood. yes. sir.
To make your movie!
Don't be scared. though.
They're such good guys.
Just try not to look too delicious.
Look at you!
Behind you!
Hey. Gooby!
Thanks for the jailbreak!
Ha ha ha!
All right!
Where were we?
Howard and Phillips. destroy world!
Yeah!
But wait. I'm sorry.
Quick question.
I want to eat one of these funny-looking
yellow guys first.
Is that okay?
We are not going to destroy the world.
nor eat anyone in this room.
Are we clear?
Not really.
Destroying stuff is kind of our thing.
Uh. not anymore. Phillips.
No. all that stuff is over.
We are no longer evil.
We work in the motion picture industry.
See?
No worldwide destruction.
No devouring funny-looking yellow guys.
We're just going to help James here make
his dreams come true.
Huh?
Oh!
Okay!
Ha ha ha!
Wink wink!
Got it!
All right. we're in!
They're in!
Come on. let's go to Hollywood!
Howard having super weird day.
Monster!
Yes!
Oh.
where you make muffies?
See?
You hear that. guys?
This is where it all happens!
Oh. oh. oh. look!
This is great!
Huh?
Oh James. you painted such a wonderful
picture with your beautiful gibberish.
Your movie is going to be fantastic.
Isn't it. guys?
No!
Who cares about the movie?
I just want to eat people and chase
people and... Smoosh people with feet!
Exactly!
Smoosh!
Howard gets it!
Huh?
Oh. ha ha ha!
Okay. just a little moment. please.
Are you and you a word?
We'll be right back.
Okay.
Toby.
what are we doing here?
Back in the good old days.
you were all about going
from planet to planet.
obliterating everything in sight.
Now you want to make movies?
You've changed. man.
Howard. I agree!
Guys. guys. guys. where's the trust?
Of course we're going to destroy
everything.
When those cameras start rolling.
we're going to conjure Irene.
Irene?
Really?
Yes. Irene. the eater of worlds herself.
We're going to have our revenge. but we're
going to destroy everything on the planet.
Destroy!
Come on. stop!
Uh. destroy?
Oh. hey. hey. Henry. buddy!
James!
Ha ha ha ha!
Huh?
Henry?
Hide him!
Hide him quick!
Henry?
Oh. hi. James.
No. there's no Henry here.
Uh. just us monsters. you know.
talking about. uh. a friend of ours.
That would be great in your movie!
This is Irene.
Imagine the movie opens with Irene being
conjured.
The coolest monster ever. unleashed upon
an unsuspecting world!
Oh. I promise you. James. you've never
seen a monster like her!
Okay. bye-bye!
Bye-bye!
Me and I were having a little chat.
Henry?
Yeah. yeah. Henry.
And he said he's sorry for being such a
doink. and also that the scene we're about
to do. you know. when Irene arrives.
he thinks it's missing something.
Huh?
Besides us?
Yeah. yeah. yeah. exactly.
But Henry had a solution.
What if. when the monster first comes out.
she eats a victim?
To let the audience know. she means
business.
And better yet. Henry has volunteered to
play the part of the first...
Oh. man. he seems excited!
Aww.
Well. James. Jim. Jimmy. Jimmy. are
you ready to start making your first movie?
By the way. are you okay with me appearing
in this scene?
This is your project.
I don't want to step on any toes.
No problemo!
Luviosa!
Sonor!
Y Smoka!
Minions y monstruos!
Uno!
Earth is living its last moment.
The monsters are...
Yosefos!
Zlatan!
Carbonita!
Alea Dr. Egg!
Mercurio!
Zulubiri!
Caramel!
Magiator!
Beautiful!
So big!
So orange!
So c-c-cool!
Now feed. I read!
Feast on our modest offering. and go forth
into the world!
What a perfect
day this has been.
Thank you so much.
Oh. oh no!
No. no. no!
Thank you!
I really like you. Dort.
You're... you're not like the other men
that I know.
Hmm. you mean Dort is
not all about suppressing
feelings to avoid
appearing vulnerable?
Well. yes. but more like with you.
well. I feel respected and listened to.
Aww. Debbie!
Dort.
Huh?
Oh my heaven!
Look at that thing!
Well. he's no match for my robot
boyfriend!
Go!
Get him. baby!
Oh. yes. yes. but that thing is huge!
Uh. I. um. okay.
Dort?
Dort!
Uh. uh. buddies!
Milly. get Harry. Dort!
Vito. help Henry!
Don't you dare lock me in there!
Yes. indeed!
The day on Earth itself was saved.
All was bright in the world.
Huh?
And get this. Ed had never stopped
filming!
And so. after months of hard work and with
the help of all of his buddies.
James had made his dream come true.
He had done it.
He had finally made his movie.
And let me tell you. watching the movie
play with a theater full of people.
there was truly nothing better.
And the evening just kept getting better
and better.
Beautiful moment that none of them would
ever forget.
They had done it.
The Minions had achieved success in the
face of adversity.
And even though it took a long time and it
wasn't always easy. they came out on top.
As a group.
As a tribe.
As friends.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-